Add release notes for Scala 3.7.1 (#1807)
scala/scala-lang: _posts/2025-06-04-release-notes-3.7.1.md

---
category: release
permalink: /news/3.7.1/
title: "Scala 3.7.1 is now available!"
---
Scala 3.7.1 is now available!

> The first patch release of Scala 3.7 series introduces multiple bug-fixes, reduces ammount of false-positive in linters and adds support new version of the JDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first patch release of Scala 3.7 series introduces multiple bug-fixes, reduces the amount of false-positives in linters and adds support for a new version of the JDK.
```
